INTRODUCTION
	SQLcraft is a PHP web-application currently in early development.
	The goal of the project is to create a modular web-panel to ease the administration of MySQL and SQLite databases used by Minecraft servers.
	The project is free, open source, and welcomes collaborators.

FEATURES
	SQLcraft Core
		Three (3) levels of user access.
			Owner: All modules + SQLcraft configuration/user management
			Admin: All modules
			Mod: Select modules, user defined
		Notes
	KiwiAdmin Module
		View the banlist table
		Add bans to the MySQL database table
		Remove bans from the MySQL database table
		*LINUX ONLY* Send 'reloadka' to server whenever a record is added or removed from the database

INSTALLATION
	Extract the SQLcraft folder to a web-accessible location on your server.
	If you put SQLcraft on your Minecraft server, this will likely be something like /var/www/, or a variation that refers to httpd, html_public, etc.
	Navigate to /SQLcraft/install.php in your web browser to run the installation script.
	For security reasons, this script deletes itself upon completion of the installation.
	Some modules will include their own configuration file to set variables only they use.


TODO
	GENERAL
		Feature requests (mainly plugins to support)
	CORE
		Installation script
			Configure SQLcraft
			Create first user
		Add notes system to home.php
			System wide (visible to all, only editable by permitted ranks)
			Owner only
			Admin+
			Mod+ (aka everyone)
	MODULES
		Home and Warp converters for moving between home and warp plugins without losing data

CHANGELOG
	04.02.2011-09:10PM
		SQLCraft Core
			Changed cookie names to hashes (increases security as it's harder to locate which cookies on a users system belong with a SQLcraft installation)
	03.26.2011
		SQLcraft Core
			Improved integration of login system. Logged-in user can now change password
	03.25.2011
		SQLcraft Core
			Login system now works
	03.10.2011-01:26AM - 0.1.1
		SQLcraft Core
			Template and drag-and-drop add-in functionality finished. Looks meh can can be easily tweaked later in the stylesheet.
	03.09.2011-05:42PM - 0.1.0
		KiwiAdmin Module
			Added a config file to specify the name of the banlist table
			Added unban functionality
			Implemented 'reloadka' with the help of lahwran and Jomik <3
			The entry of no-name rows is now impossible
			Put ban and unban ABOVE the ban list so that they are easily accessable regardless of the number of listed bans
	03.09.2011-12:45PM
		SQLcraft core
			Added additional variables to config.php
			Added test.php to SQLcraft
		KiwiAdmin Module
			Added experimental support for 'ka reload' 'injection' into server screen
			^(this will only ettempt to execute if $sc_local AND $sc_linux == true, and even then, the correct screen name MUST be specified)
	03.09.2011-08:31AM
		Configuration file now works